{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Each policy tool tackles different issues. Here will be shortly discussed which policy tool could work to handle the different externalities. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 \
Externalities related to strategic complementaries \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 Short recap: a way to indicate this externality was by noticing rapid credit growth. Therefore a effective macroprudential policy tool would bring down the speed of growth. This can be done by several instruments. For one there are the capital requirements (De Nicol\'f2 et al 2012, Arregui et al 2013, Jeanne and Korinek 2014). Which include in the iMaPP database: risk weights, systemic risk buffers, and minimum capital requirements. Another instrument that can speed down the credit growth is the Countercyclical Buffer (CCB) (Jeanne and Korinek 2014). Also included are limits to the loan-to-value ratio and the debt-service-to-income (DSTI) (Jeanne and Korinek 2014, Arregui et al 2013, De Nicol\'f2 et al 2012). The iMaPP database hat also variables like: Limits on Credit Growth (LCG), Loan Restrictions (LoanR) and LeverageLimits (LVR) which also fits in this category.}