{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Literature Overview
\f1\b0 \
- two groups\
- the first group includes cross-country studies that consider the link between macroprudential policies and credit growth and other financial indicators, albeit generally in smaller samples than we do\
- One of the first such studies was Lim et al.(2011). They analyze the links between macroprudential policies and developments in credit and leverage. They find evidence suggesting that the presence of policies such as LTV and DTI limits, ceilings on credit growth, reserve requirements (RR), and dynamic provisioning rules are associated with reductions in the procyclicality of credit and leverage\
- .IMF (2013b) investigates, also in across-country context, how (changes in) policies affect financial vulnerabilities (credit growth, house prices, and portfolio capital inflows) and the real economy (output growth and sectoral allo-cation), considering also whether effects are symmetric between tightening and loosening. It finds that both (time-varying) capital requirements and RRs are significantly negatively associated withcredit growth and LTV limits and capital requirements are strongly associated with lower house price appreciation rates, and reserve requirements are associated with a reduction in portfolio inflows in emerging markets with floating exchange rates. It finds that LTVs appear to impact overall output growth, but no other policies do so.\
- Other cross-country studies focus on the relationships between macroprudential policies and risks of a financial crisis and developments in banks and international financing\
-  Dell\'92Ariccia et al. (2012)find that macroprudential policies can reduce the incidence of general credit booms and decrease the probability that booms end up badly. Macroprudential policies reduce the risk of a bust, while simultaneously reducing how the rest of the economy is affected by troubles in the financial system\
-  Claessens et al. (2013) investigate how changes in balance sheets of individual banks in 48 countries over 2000\'962010 respond to specific policies. They find that measures aimed at borrower\'92s LTV and DTI caps, and credit growth and foreign currency lending limits are effective in reducing the growth in bank\'92s leverage, asset and noncore to core liabilities growth.While countercyclical buffers also help mitigate increases in bankleverage and assets, few policies help stop declines in adverse times\
- .Zhang and Zoli (2014) review the use of key macroprudentialinstruments and capital flow measures in 13 Asian economies and33 other economies since 2000 and study their effects. Their analysis suggests that measures helped curb housing price growth, equity flows, credit growth, and bank leverage, with loan-to-value ratio caps, housing tax measures, and foreign currency related measures having the most effect\
- Bruno et al. (2015) investigate, also for 12 Asia\'96Pacific countries, how macroprudential policies and capital flow management policies relate to financial outcomes.They find that banking sector and bond market capital flow management policies are effective in slowing down bank and bond inflows respectively. They also find some evidences suggesting thatmacroprudential policies are more successful when they comple-ment monetary policy by reinforcing monetary tightening thanwhen they act in opposite directions\
- Akinci and Olmstead-Rumsey (2015) analyze macroprudential policies in 57 advanced and emerging economies covering the period from 2000 Q1 to 2013 Q4, with tightening and easing recorded separately for 7 macroprudential tools. They find tightening is associated with lower bank credit growth, housing credit growth, and house price inflation, as well as more targeted policies xto be more effective, and complementary roles for capital inflow restrictions targeting the banking sector in emerging economies.Using the macroprudential dataset constructed in our paper and some other data\
- Aysan et al. (2015) focus on 18 emerging marketsand 6 macroprudential tools. They find borrower-based measures to be effective in reducing credit growth, and financial institutions-based measures to help reduce the impact of capital flows on domestic credit, with special roles for foreign exchange related measures. They also find lags of 2\'963 quarters in effectiveness of policies, a greater impact on more pronounced financial cycles, and some evidence of complementarities among tools. \
- Using theannual data for 12 macroprudential tools from our paper and asample of up to 74 countries, Cizel et al. (2015) find that policiesinduce some substitution from bank to non-bank credit, especially,in advanced countries. And they find that quantity-based measureshave stronger effects than price-based measures do, but also leadto more substitution to non-bank credit in advanced economies\
- Some cross-country studies focus specifically on developmentsin real estate markets. Crowe et al. (2011) and Cerutti et al. (2015b)find that policies such as maximum LTV have the best chance tocurb a real estate boom\
- Similarly, International Monetary Fund(2011) finds LTV tools to be effective in reducing price shocks and containing feedback between asset prices and credit\
-  Kuttner andShim (2013), using data from 57 countries spanning more thanthree decades, investigate whether nine non-interest rate policytools, including macroprudential instruments, help in stabilizinghouse prices and housing credit. Using panel regressions, they findthat housing credit growth is significantly affected by changesin the maximum debt-service-to-income (DSTI) ratio, maximumLTVs, limits on exposure to the housing sector, and housing-relatedtaxes. But the DSTI ratio limit only significantly affects hous-ing credit growth when they use mean group and panel eventstudy methods. And, of the policies considered, only a change inhousing-related taxes impacts house price appreciation (see alsoVandenbussche et al., 2015)\
- Camors and Peydro (2014) investigate the effects ofa large and unexpected increase in RR in Uruguay in 2008 using detailed, bank-firm matched data. Their evidence suggests some ambiguous results. On the one hand, credit growth declines on aggregate, but on the other hand more risky firms get more credit.They also document that larger and possibly more systemic banks are less affected\
- Taken together, the empirical evidence on the effectiveness of macroprudential policies in managing credit flows and asset prices is still preliminary. This may be partly driven by differences in sam-ple coverage and underlying policies studies. We contribute to this existing literature by studying the impact of a broad set of macro-prudential policies in a large set of 119 countries \'96also classifying policies between borrowers and lender based policies \'96 and by distinguishing the effects on different segments of credit markets(household versus corporate credit) as well as house prices. The factthat our paper covers a much larger set of countries and policies,which we see as a clear benefit of our study, could explain some of the differences in our results and those obtained in some of this earlier work}