{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 In this thesis the goal is it to analyse how macroprudential policy can achieve its goal in the most efficient way. But how can you analyse the most efficient way of macroprudential policy?\
First of all does macroprudential policy also interact with other policies so one way to look at it would be to analyse how these different policies interact with each other. \cb2 Hier erl\'e4gen Wye policies Interagieren \cb1 \
\
Also bla..\
\
Arregui et al. (2013) proposes to evaluate macroprudential policy by calculating the net benefit. Their framework is that with any policy action every policymaker has to evaluate the the net benefit on the long-term level of GDP.  The probability of the crisis should be reduced from p to p* and the loss should be reduced from l to l* by the policy. Taking the probability and and the depth of we crisis into account, E would be the expected output if there was no-policy and B if there is a policy and therefore the probability and the depth of the crisis are reduced. This makes BE the net benefit of macroprudential policy. And this shows another issue with the with the efficiency of macroprudential policy because every policy has its cost. Also Brunnermeier et al. (2009) said already that 
\f1\i an effective counter-cyclical macro-prudential policy will be an unpopular policy
\f0\i0 . The aim of macroprudential policy is to confine the regulated from doing what they wish to do, by either legal prohibition or by making it  more costly and therefore this policy action will not be popular. }