{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Arregui, N., Bene\'9a, J., Krznar, I., & Mitra, S. (2013). Evaluating the net benefits of macroprudential policy: A cookbook.\
\
Brunnermeier, M., Crockett, A., Goodhart, C. A., Persaud, A., & Shin, H. S. (2009). The fundamental principles of financial regulation (Vol. 11). Geneva: ICMB, Internat. Center for Monetary and Banking Studies.\
\
Cerutti, E., Claessens, S., & Laeven, L. (2017). The use and effectiveness of macroprudential policies: New evidence. Journal of Financial Stability, 28, 203-224.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl480\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Claessens, S. (2015). An overview of macroprudential policy tools.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
De Nicol\'f2, G., Favara, G. and Ratnovski, L. (2012). Externalities and macroprudential policy. IMF Staff Discussion Note 12/05.\
\
Galati, G., & Moessner, R. (2018). What do we know about the effects of macroprudential policy?. Economica, 85(340), 735-770.\
\
Jeanne, O. & Korinek, A. (2014). "Macroprudential policy beyond banking regulation," Financial Stability Review, Banque de France, issue 18, pages 163-172, April.\
\
Lim, C. H., Costa, A., Columba, F., Kongsamut, P., Otani, A., Saiyid, M., ... & Wu, X. (2011). Macroprudential policy: what instruments and how to use them? Lessons from country experiences.}