{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green151\blue172;\red255\green252\blue128;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c99200\c59400\c67500;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c98700\c50000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Since the global financial crisis in 2008 macroprudential policies gained popularity. Due to the COVID-19 crisis macroprudential policy got in the spotlight again, because it was part of a policy response to \'93facilitate the absorption of credit losses and support lending to the economy\'94 \cb2 (ecb 2021)\cb1 . But what is macroprudential policy exactly?\
Macroprudential policy is supposed to ensure financial stability as a whole. It has the objective to reduce systemic risk over time and across institutions and markets (Lim et al. 2011). It is a complement to micro prudential policy and also interacts with other financial stability related policies. Prudential policies from back in the day also had macroprudential policy tool included but due to the financial crisis a clearer separation between macro- and microprudential policy was necessary. Macroprudential policy is needed in addressing systemic risk because the other policies alone like microprudential, monetary, fiscal or similar are simply not efficient enough.  Brunnermeier et al. (2009) made this clear because we cannot make sure that the system is safe as a whole by only ensuring that individual banks are safe. It can happen that in the attempt to help themselves and remain solvent, individual institutions can cause the system to collapse. For example by fire sales which will be explained later on in section \cb3 ??\cb1 . Therefore macroprudential policy focus on the whole system and not on the failure of individual financial institutions but if they have (due to their size) an systemic impact (see section \cb3 ??\cb1 ).\
}