{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hello, \
\
Im sorry for my late mail, but it took me longer to understand the models than anticipated. \
Here an update for my understanding so far:\
Macroprudential policy want to ensure financial stability by avoiding systemic risk. These risk arise from externalities. These three externalities are: related to strategic complementaries, related to fire crush, related to interconnectedness. If I want to find a way to measure the effectiveness of macroprudential policy, I have to find a way to measure these externalities und find out how good the instruments are in preventing these externalities. Ways to measure these externalities are according to (De Nicol\'f2 et al 2012): credit-to-GDP ratio, property prices, risk premia, or leverage can be used to identify externalities related to\
strategic complementarities or imbalances that lead to fire sales in downturns. \
According to (Galati and Moessner 2017) indicators for externalities related to strategic complementaries and fire crushes are rapid credit growth and  funding liquidity risks and market liquidity risks. \
Interconnectedness is measured in some different way so I would focus on the first two externalities. \
I would then use these as dependent variable and take the macroprudential pools as independent variables to see how effective these are in influencing the externality. So far I could find data for risk premia (average market risk premium) at statista, house price index at Eurostat and the household debt also at Eurostat. I would take the average in the changes of the last four quarters because (Galati and Moessner 2017) said that there can be prolonged effects of macroprudential policy tools and \cf2 Alam et al (2019) also took it into account in their model\cf0 . \
I almost finished my first chapter which I want to be about \'93what effect is macroprudential policy supposed to have\'94 in which I explain how macroprudential policy is supposed to achieve financial stability and how the individual policy tools work. After the I will start the Chapter \'93Method\'94 in which I will explain the methodological model with which I want to analyse the data. \
\
Kind regards\
Sarah}