{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 - Due to imperfect information, bank will estimate borrowers risk dependent on their strategic interaction.\
- Since the global financial crisis in 2008 macroprudential policies gained popularity. Due to the COVID-19 crisis macroprudential policy got in the spotlight again, because it was part of a policy response to \'93facilitate the absorption of credit losses and support lending to the economy\'94 (ecb 2021). Macroprudential policy was initiated to ensure financial stability, because other policies like fiscal or monetary policy were not enough on their own to ensure this kind of stability (Claessens 2015). Microprudential policy is still necessary to handle systemic risk but not sufficient (De Nicol\'f2 et al 2012). \
- Bla bla made it clear that macroprudential policy is needed because the other policies are simply not enough. Risk- spillover.. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (Ensuring stability only of individual is  not enough because..). But how to use these instruments exactly and the most effcient way is still unclear. This becomes even more noticible when you look at how countries used the policies in the last year. There is not much consens here at how to use these policies (single vs multiple etc). HIER ANALYSIEREN\
- \
 Even while implemented most countries did the tool based on judgement and learning-by-doing and not some rule or formular (Lim et al. 2011) \
\
There are many ways to approach the effectiveness of macroprudential policy. How does it influence monetary or similar policies? What are the costs of these policy measures (given that they often dampen the economic activity to a certain degree in a way to even out the procyclicly)? \
\
There is also absolutely no consens regarding macroprudential policy. Some countries use the policy tools  to target a specific risk others so it just broadly. \
Single or Multiple? Fixed or time-varying? Rule or Discretion? Coordination or no coordination? \
\
Macroprudential policy is supposed to ensure financial stability by counteracting market failures that arise from externalities that can lead to enormous procycalility  and therefore the buildup of systemic risk. Macroprudential policy should only be used when these externalities or market failure arise (Cerutti et al 2017). }